mission "Free Kitten"
	name "Free Kitten"
	description "Transport a family of 3 to their new home on <destination> in exchange for a kitten."
	minor
	repeat 1
	passengers 3
	cargo "luggage and furniture" 1
	to offer
		random < 11
		"cargo space" > 0
		"passenger space" > 2
	source "New Austria"
	destination "New Greenland"
	on complete
		payment
		outfit "Tabby Cat" 1
		dialog "The young family from <origin> gives you a tabby kittens and thanks you profusely as they gather up their goods and depart. You wish them the best of luck in their new life on <planet>."
	on offer
		conversation
			"While walking through the spaceport you overhear a man saying to his daught, ''Honey, nobody is going to take a kitten as payment for transport.''."
			choice
				"	(Talk to them.)"
					goto talk
				"	(Ignore them.)"
					goto leave
			label leave
			"You continue with your business."
				defer
			label talk
			"	After introductions, the couple explain that they had booked passage to their new home on <destination> but the ship was attacked by pirates and destroyed. They had agreed to pay in advance to get a discount and now they aren't able to get reimbursed for the money  and don't have enough to pay for passage."
			"	Their daughter chimes, ''but we could give you a kitten if you take us''."
			choice
				"	(Accept.)"
					goto accept-kitten
				"	(Decline.)"
					goto decline-kitten
			label decline-kitten
			"	''I'm afriad I can't help you'', you say."
			"	The parents nod in understanding as you walk away."
				defer
			label accept-kitten
			"   Accepting what might be the oddest payment ever, you help the family load their luggage into your hold."
				accept

outfit "Tabby Cat"
	category "Systems"
	thumbnail "free-kitten"
	description "This tabby cat spends most of it's time curled up on your lap apparently asleep and purring quietly. Every once it a while it reaches out a paw or flicks its tail and somehow manages to hit just the right button to let you continue operating the ship without difficulty."
	"required crew" -1
